‐ This neighborhood has changed so much.
I don't recognize it.
At all.
Do you wanna get something to eat?
Yeah.
The only thing I trust on this menu
is the algae, to be honest.
‐ Well... this guy's supposed to be
a pretty good cook.
Guys, I'm known for the bug burger.
These are local‐sourced locusts
from‐from the wrath of God.
From the last plague.
And I use these in my bug burgers.
For me, that adds umami.
‐ He's still trying to enjoy food.
I‐I feel like those days are gone.
‐ I remember not having to eat bugs.
Yeah, what did you eat, hot dogs?
That's made out of
grinded chicken assholes.
Bug assholes taste better
than chicken assholes.
Trust me, asshole.
‐ This is sad though.
It's very possible
we're going to live in a world
where there's nothing to eat.
One hundred percent.
The future's gonna be
potentially less delicious.
But we'll see.
‐ I might have eaten a real chicken once,
but now it just tastes like a shoe.
♪ theme music playing ♪
Well, in the year 2000,
I think I'll probably be in a spaceship
to the moon dictating robots.
‐ I don't like the idea of, sort of,
getting up and finding you've got
a cabbage pill to eat for breakfast
or something.
‐ I think it'll be very dull.
People have always
been trying to figure out
where things are going
and how they're gonna get there.
You see it in sci‐fi movies all the time.
And the results, I'm gonna have to say
they've been mixed at best.
‐ ♪ I wanna be alone with you ♪
You know when we
talk about the future of food,
even if you looked at movies
that happened
like 50 years ago about the future,
it almost never gets it right
'cause it's either
too close to present day
or too far out
that it's not going to happen
like flying cars and shit like that.
2050 seems like
a faraway and abstract prospect.
But it'll be here in less than 30 years.
Try to remember
what life was like 30 years ago.
‐ ♪ Don't you want somebody to love? ♪
Actually it was more like this.
‐ ♪ It's been one week
since you looked at me ♪
The possibilities of the future
are infinite.
It could be this,
or this.
Some of this,
But as I run my simulations,
I see that the future of food
can be divided into two outcomes.
Will it be worse or will it be better?
I can tell you for sure
it won't be the same.
What do you think, Dave?
‐ Will people watch movies in the future?
Yes.
Will people be eating in restaurants?
The answer is yes.
Will people stop eating barbecue
in the future?
Are we gonna get rid of plates?
Are we gonna get rid of bowls?
Maybe the spork gets rid of everything.
Spork is very underrated.
Only place I can get it is Popeye's.
Okay, sure, more sporks.
Very cool.
Maybe we should broaden
our pool of experts here.
What's a good
future‐facing content these days?
Oh, yeah, love that show.
‐ Feels like we could be in Singapore.
It's got a little Singaporean vibe,
Indonesian vibe.
You two are here
because so much of your work is about‐‐
of hypothetical
and probably realistic futures.
Is that naturally part
of your day‐to‐day thoughts?
‐ I think it's kinda part of what we do.
I mean, it feels like narrative fiction
is sort of the human species
charting a course for itself.
So the future kinda
connects to that very naturally.
I think everybody spends a lot of time
thinking about the future.
I think it's hardwired
in our emotional narrator.
You're in middle school,
you wanna ask a girl to a dance,
you create scenarios,
future scenarios in your head.
"She says yes. I'm awesome.
"My friend goes with her instead.
I spend three weeks crying."
Like, you run scenarios always.
Yeah.
We project these stories in order to see
how will I survive that outcome.
And this is what distinguishes
humanity as a species.
We're able to look ahead enough
to get a sense
for what's coming down the line.
The strange thing is
food is still like the last experience
that you can't download, right?
You still have to eat it,
you still have to interact with it.
Yeah.
As Americans growing up
in the late 20th century,
early 21st century,
there's a kind of underlying assumption
that the world was heading towards
better and better food.
But one of the things
that's kinda interesting
is this idea of does it ever go backwards?
And that's a center question
when you start thinking
about the future is,
are you doing it
utopian or dystopian future?
Have things gotten better or worse?
On the one hand,
I think of like The Jetsons
or something like that.
Or Star Trek, where you just
press a button and magically food appears.
And on the other hand it's like
the world of 2050 we know
we're gonna have climate issues
that are gonna impact food ways.
I'm trying to be optimistic here
about what the future is.
But when I think about the future
I think about the climate change
for my kids.
And what are we gonna leave them?
Are people 30 years from now
going to be
navigating the world with climate
orienting their own thinking
about everything that they do?
And, you know,
honestly, I think that they will.
♪ vocalizing ♪
The California fires,
the flooding of Bangladesh,
the deforestation of the Amazon,
coral reefs ‐ completely dead.
And the insects are gonna be bigger.
Drought, more extreme than ever
hit the American Dust Bowl.
Regular crop failures.
Parts of the planet could be hit by
six climate‐driven
natural disasters at once.
Hurricane after hurricane.
The melting of the Arctic ice caps.
If your state is on fire
and your kids are breathing this air,
carbon particulates
in every single placenta.
‐ Wait, what?
That's‐‐
Come on, man.
That's so terrible.
‐ Yeah.
We've sort of already today
landed on a new planet
with a totally different set
of climate conditions.
And we just have to kinda figure out
what of the civilization
that we brought with us
can survive these new conditions,
what we're gonna have to adapt
and what we're gonna have to discard.
The world we're gonna be living in
and the food we're gonna be eating
is going to be defined by those struggles.
And the generations to come
may have a very, very different
relationship to food
than the one that you and I grew up with.
‐ Well, this is exactly
how I thought I was gonna feel
by the end of this conversation.
‐ This problem is all‐encompassing.
It touches every aspect of your life
and we need to figure out
some ways of living
in a sustainable way.
So, we're gonna do a recipe club
about the future now.
My question is who among us
has the most dystopian
to least dystopian version
of food in the future.
And I think Priya is clearly
the most dystopian.
‐ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
You've chosen the most‐‐
You've chosen‐‐
You're the most pessimistic
of the three of us.
‐ From the recipes, it seems to be
an incredibly bleak future.
‐ Wow.
I was about to say I'm the least‐‐
‐ How is that‐‐
Okay, explain how you're the least.
‐ Dystopian.
Population growth is happening at a pace
more than, like, how quickly
we can grow our food.
And we're gonna have to find
other ways to grow food.
I chose algae.
Algae can be grown on non‐arable land.
It grows really, really fast.
And it's super nutrient dense.
There's also many ways
to eat this that, like,
cultures from Japan to Korea
have been doing for centuries.
Roasting it, drying it, salting it,
eating it fresh.
‐ I feel like if you...
say the word "algae,"
nobody wants to buy that.
‐ Yeah.
‐ Well, that's why we've marketed it
as kombu, dried kelp.
Seaweed salad.
We even have these kelp noodles.
‐ If you ask me
when I was seven, eight years old,
when I first brought it to lunch
in my elementary school
and got laughed at.
Like, oh, one day every kid,
regardless of their skin color
will be eating this,
I'd be like, no fucking way.
Well, that's what I'm telling you.
Your food is the future.
I think that for so long,
basically non‐white communities,
indigenous communities,
Black communities, Brown communities,
Asian communities
have been being hyper‐resourceful
finding delicious
sustainable sources of food
and other cultures just haven't caught on.
‐ I will tell you what I think the true
importance of your dish,
and it's not the seaweed,
in terms of the future.
You have Mexican agave... syrup.
Mm‐hmm.
‐ You got sesame oil.
You got soy sauce.
You got Vietnamese fish sauce.
I think it shows that things
that were disparate,
ingredients from other cultures
will blend into one thing.
Yes, there might be
a little bit of seaweed,
but I don't think
it's gonna all be seaweed.
Blade Runner nailed the food scene
when they're just eating
the bowl of noodles in LA.
It was pretty great.
That was what, made in 1982?
I mean, who the hell knew
what a bowl of noodle soup was
on a street corner
unless you're in Asia?
And I'm sure I've imagined
what that flavor was like,
maybe there were
some Mexican elements in there
'cause it's LA.
Right.
It's an amalgamation of all the things.
It's where food is going to go regardless.
It's what we're eating right now.
- This is Malaysian/
- Singaporean.
When I was there, I was like,
"Oh, this is what would happen
if you merge
"Indian culture with Chinese culture
"with the indigenous people,
that's what that food would be."
The future's here.
Migration is also climate caused.
The UN says by 2050,
two hundred million people are gonna be
made into migrants by climate change.
‐ If you have all of these people
going all over the world now,
'cause they're gonna have to,
I think food's gonna get
crazy interesting.
Part of me is very excited about that.
That sounds so fucked up, I know.
Don't be ashamed, Dave.
Now you're thinking like an AI.
And the cross‐pollination
you've been talking about
has been happening for a long time.
‐ Places that have
a real hodgepodge of culture
and different people and immigrants,
people are gonna
merge these things together
and that's how you get something new.
I've always thought Caribbean food
represents the future food.
Where are you gonna get a mixture,
oftentimes against people's wills,
mixture of flavors
from around the world really?
One example of this in the wild
is happening Down Under.
Chef Paul Carmichael,
originally from Barbados,
is mixing his own history and flavors
with those of Australia.
A country most known
for its overly salty abominations.
I like to call Caribbean food
the ultimate fusion food.
I like to say 500 years of fusion.
Growing up in Barbados,
uh, my mum used to cook this thing
for breakfast all the time.
And it was this frizzy salted cod,
and it's something
that was very important to me
but also like stuck
in my memory all these years.
‐ Is salt cod like a day's ingredients
that you would just see
all the time or like wh‐‐
‐ Yeah, so, I mean,
cod came through the Caribbean
as the colonials
came through the Caribbean
while they raped and pillaged and‐‐
You know, let's just,
let's just be honest.
The Caribbean food
didn't happen organically
and it didn't happen comfortably.
It was hundreds of thousands of people
stacked on top of each other
in like a sardine can.
S o you've got like, things like salt cod,
but then like hoisin
and soy sauce is like‐‐
‐ Very... very like‐‐ Super Asia.
But also readily available
and highly used in the Caribbean.
When I came here,
I wanted to make a dish
representative of
Saint Vincent and Antigua.
The ducana dish.
I wanted to keep it
as traditional as I could
and serve it with salted cod.
Ducana is a pudding made
from sweet potato, coconut milk,
sometimes spices, sometimes not,
wrapped in banana leaf.
This is the fancy restaurant move.
This is a riff on
what I would do at Barbados
and what would be served
here in Australia.
The food is a integrated fused food.
‐ It's like sweet, salty, crunchy.
Mm.
‐ It's so good.
This is like a world
without borders, right?
You could do it through food.
Like, we gotta try to work
towards the future together
rather than individually apart.
‐ So that's where I think future food is,
is when
you let people who are open to change
and open to deliciousness
and open to cultures
mix and match.
But, here's the guarantee,
there's not enough land
to continue to produce food.
To me, that's what's gonna change.
It's gonna be how we grow things.
Vertical faming will have to work.
Here's the idea.
I can have vegetables grown locally
and I don't need to use
a lot of land, water or sunlight.
-And I can grow it like 12
- X faster,
it's like, that's awesome.
‐ Field agriculture is the most widespread
and destructive human practice
on the planet, right?
We go out into a field and we till it up.
We go to a forest and we cut it down.
Like, that's agriculture.
Ninety nine percent of the water
that you put on a crop
in the field is transpired.
It just evaporates in the atmosphere.
And in our farm we're able
to capture all of that water,
condense it and recirculate it
back into the solutions.
This is vertical grow.
Wow.
Yeah.
And it's more efficient
to have it vertical than like this way?
Yeah.
Instead of stacks?
Yeah, when you go up
you just have
a lot more room to work with.
Um, we can change the temperature,
humidity, nutrients that go to each line.
And each line has its own nutrient recipe.
They're in here around ten days
from start to finish.
Yeah.
Every time I'm in a room like this
I keep on thinking about all the marijuana
that I could be growing.
But seriously, you should grow both.
They're both vegetables.
Let's see what they have to say.
They're both plants.
It's good lettuce.
There's a big difference
than what you'd go buy
in a grocery store
where something has to be on the truck
and is designed not for flavor
but it's designed for the truck.
And the skin is like tough enough
so that it can get to a grocery store.
This is our seeding area.
And we do all of our cultivars here.
Those little fingers on the robots
are gonna pick up the seedlings
and they'll put them
in the tower on both sides.
They can do about 200 plants per minute.
Pretty cool.
It's‐it's fascinating.
Yeah, we really try
to think outside the box
and be as efficient as we can.
It's how you get ahead.
You gotta be as innovative as possible.
We've been playing God with food
for a while now.
Almost everything we eat today
at some point was engineered
to either grow more heartily
during droughts
or to be plumper.
Everything we eat today
doesn't look anything like its origin
many, many years ago.
I have tasted a lot of things
that weren't even close
to the original seed
but the earlier versions
weren't as delicious as they are today.
We have to, like, reframe the conversation
and the problem here, right?
It's not like we're making a choice
between fields and vertical farming.
‐ That's right.
We're running out of land.
Not all farming is bad
but I do think it's important
that it's done in the right way.
And it's probably some kind of blend
of AI and humans working together
because clearly automation
is gonna be something
we have to deal with more and more.
I have no idea how automation
is going to actually happen.
And this is where it gets in this
moral paradox or conundrum in my mind
where, okay, I would like the human touch,
I would like to employ humans,
but it doesn't seem we'll be
able to find an equitable way
for human labor to pick
all these grapes, these artichokes.
So the question I think
that people have to ask ultimately
for automation in farming
is if you're pro reduction
of human suffering.
At least we should be asking the question,
how do you lower suffering?
This Monarch tractor
is an all‐electric, driver optional
smart tractor.
Us being driver optional,
even though we have
a steering wheel and pedals,
once the driver trains it,
we can repeat all the operations.
That helps the farmers save money
and it also increases the safety
of the farmworkers.
We have camera around the tractor,
we have sensors
that pick up important information.
We can give you a digital story.
We could do a highlight reel for you.
So while you're eating something
you could see a 15‐second clip
of exactly how that food was grown.
Worst‐case scenarios
like there's no more humans‐‐
It's already happening.
I have, like, Alexa.
It tells me like,
hey, you're probably out of this.
You should restock on this.
That's weird and scary,
but it's also like incredibly helpful.
And I think the future of supermarket
will probably be online.
Virtual.
Where you can see everything
without having to go into the supermarket.
Your age has already been
pre‐verified through your profile.
So no need to wait for an ID check.
Just place the item in your cart
whenever you're ready.
‐ It's gonna be something like that.
And it's all gonna be shared information.
I'll be honest,
I think that's gonna be awesome.
Scary, but, like, in terms of privacy
I don't give a fuck.
Take my shit.
What are you gonna do with it?
♪ dramatic music plays ♪
We are in Elysium. We're in food future.
‐ The future looks like an airport.
Basically, utopia is gonna have a Cinnabon
and an Auntie Anne's Pretzel.
‐ That's what‐‐ Yes.
That's your utopia, your‐‐
‐ That's where we're at.
We're‐we're at a mall.
Everything is standardized and you have,
you know, good to mediocre food.
Because of automation.
‐ Do you think
automation makes food better?
‐ I think automation
is gonna make food more consistent.
It's going to be less peaks and valleys.
More of a consistent plateau.
‐ Yeah. It's almost like
for us all to survive
and for these art forms to survive,
is that we have to concede greatness?
Like we have to give up on being great,
give up on eight, nines and tens
so that another generation
gets to be sevens?
Like, that might be
the future we're facing.
‐ I think for food to be
more consistent and more accessible
and less, um, less negative aspects,
it'll be less delicious.
Less delicious
for more people to have access to it.
I think it's a good trade‐off.
Let's look at some facts about 2050.
The population will be around ten billion.
And it's gonna be really hot
and really crowded.
Like the subway but everywhere.
The average human needs over
2,000 calories a day to survive.
The question is
where does that food come from?
Commodities humans take from granted today
like chicken, beef,
or Jack in the Box Tiny Tacos
require tons of land and water.
At a certain point around 2050,
the amount of protein needed by mankind
is going to exceed the total amount
you're able to produce.
It's an event being called
the protein bottleneck.
And everyone's invited.
The source of food
and the bottleneck of food
is probably what you should be
thinking about before restaurants
because what's the point
of having a steakhouse
if you can't get the steak?
Growing a cow to eat it
is about the most inefficient way
you can possibly imagine
to make food.
You know, that's gone, right?
That authentic experience
of eating real meat in 100 years
is a privilege
only for the very, very wealthy.
Or the very, very, very, very poor.
‐ Soylent Green is people!
‐ Soylent Green is a dystopia,
I mean, that's‐‐ You know‐‐
Uh‐‐
‐ My wife said I can't talk about ca‐‐
cannibalism, but‐‐
‐ You went there.
‐ Well, how do you not?
It's the elephant in the room.
‐ I mean, is cannibalism part
of our dystopian future, I don't know.
‐ It's part of our dystopian past.
It's part of our dystopian past.
‐ We've spent a hell of a lot more time
eating people than not eating people,
I will put that out there.
Oh, no, this is what you were afraid of.
And I promise we'll talk about
these cricket things in a minute.
I was just gonna say, is no one gonna
comment on the fact
that we got a table full of bugs?
‐ By the way, on the drive over here,
I'm like, "We're gonna eat bugs
at this meal."
‐ We were laughing about bug‐‐
bug bits.
Don't eat the silica packets.
‐ I'd rather eat the silica packets.
‐ Which‐which flavor did you get?
I got cheesy ranch.
That just doesn't feel like
it would go well with the cricket.
Well, I'm not eating that.
This is dystopian to me.
If I'm stuck and this is the only protein,
I'm gonna be like,
"Damn, I'm gonna make you
the best cricket dish of all time."
But right now I'm not gonna be like yes!
‐ Yeah.
There are certain cultures that insects
are already integrated in how they eat.
But what's delicious to one culture
won't be delicious to another.
I'm gonna try my best to appreciate it,
but it's not something
I personally find delicious.
But in the future
if I don't have a juicy rib eye
and I have bugs and I'm hungry,
guess what I'm eating.
I'm eating bugs.
‐ Hi, I'm Chris.
‐ Hi, Chris.
I'm Monica.
‐ Nice to meet you.
‐ So this is an urban farm
an urban, um, I guess,
edible insect farm.
So what we're farming here
is, uh, mealworms.
♪ vocalizing ♪
So these guys are mealworms.
Uh‐huh. They definitely are.
‐ They like heat.
That's why one of the reasons
why they say, like.
insects are gonna be
the food of the future
because the climate change, right?
The warmer the planet gets,
the more insects.
The more insects there will be.
Let me get in here and feel this a little.
Ooh, it does feel nice.
Very calming.
Oh, it's not that calming.
It's a cultural thing.
'Cause some cultures, you know,
they don't even think about it.
It's just a type of food.
I was exposed to insects
when I was like seven, eight years old,
which was really hard
for me to like‐‐ Ugh!
I was very squeamish
about insects in general.
I'm just trying to revive this culture,
adding diversity into our diet.
And insects are such an amazing
protein type of food
that we need to be tapping in.
Really? You're gonna eat it?
‐ I mean, well, I'm here.
What am I gonna do?
Not eat one of these now?
They're very fatty.
They have like a good fat.
Like‐‐
‐ That's actually very good,
I'm not gonna lie.
It is very nutty but it's like‐‐
It burst a little bit.
But it's like, it's actually very‐‐ Hmm.
Oh, my God.
‐ Actually it was like very delicious.
The skeleton is like a‐‐ I‐‐ It's‐‐
I bet it's much better toasted.
Like crunchier and like that.
‐ Yeah.
‐ But actually the flavor, you're right.
It's nutty and it's very‐‐
‐ It's nutty, like‐‐ Yeah.
My daughter eats them toasted.
With spoon. Like literally,
it's a bowl with toasted mealworms.
They're like crunchy
and she just goes for it.
‐ Yeah.
So these guys
are toasted chili lime crickets.
To me, like, knowing
where my food comes from,
and how much, you know, they put back
or they take from the planet
is very important.
The more that we educate about people,
our decisions, our choices on food
can help in the future.
That's amazing.
If you were to make a movie set in 2050,
what would it be?
‐ It's Demolition Man.
‐ Who wants to take me to dinner
at Taco Bell?
And Lord knows I wouldn't mind a burrito.
I'd make a frame by frame recreation
of Demolition Man.
The restaurant.
‐ Now all restaurants are Taco Bell.
‐ Exactamundo.
‐ This is like a ground beef taco,
but in the future maybe it's ground beef,
maybe it's lab‐grown.
Maybe it's gonna be meat alternative.
‐ Oh, hell, yeah. Taco Bell will win
the franchise wars for sure.
‐ You think?
‐ Oh, yeah.
It's a lot more probable
than say like a bottle of Soylent Green.
‐ It tastes like a white guy
who made Mexican food, which I love.
You know.
You're also being pragmatic.
I think if you asked anyone 20 years ago,
which grocery store will win,
I don't think many people
would have said Amazon, right?
Your thinking is‐is very macroeconomic
and‐and I think will become true.
‐ It's like
mass appeal Mexican food.
A lot of umami, texture‐‐
‐ And it appeals to everybody.
These flavors,
it's very easy to understand.
‐ Absolutely.
You know,
people are gonna still eat pizza.
It may have different toppings.
People are still gonna eat hamburgers
but it may be filled with something else.
‐ What?
‐ Not regular beef.
They're still gonna eat
chicken sandwiches.
They're still gonna eat Caesar salads.
They're still gonna eat
chicken wings and chicken nuggets.
You think the world will stop eating
chicken tenders in 100 years?
Absolutely not.
Is the fried chicken finger future
an optimistic
or pessimistic view, though?
‐ I think it's real.
I think most people will be eating
some kinda mock chicken meat.
Probably made out of mushrooms
or something lab‐grown.
You know what the food of the future is?
Look at fast food around the world.
What does McDonald's in India...?
Which is great.
‐ McAloo Tikki burgers.
And they're fantastic.
‐ It's still a burger though.
You're seeing the future of food happen.
When you look at a fast food
hamburger commercial, they're like...
check it out,
the new griddled sriracha hamburger
or the spicy gochujang
fried chicken sandwich.
McDonald's will have
the ghost pepper Szechuan spice McChicken.
That's the future.
The future is basically
what we're eating right now.
So if you're making chicken fingers,
is algae still the most
dystopian vision of the future?
‐ I think that makes you
the most dystopian vision.
‐ Well, mine's just called
the most pragmatic.
People aren't gonna
all of a sudden be like,
"Ugh, chicken fingers,
fuckin' disgusting."
I have my dredged powder.
The futuristic dredged powder
that can be anything.
But I'm adding blue‐green algae.
All of a sudden my dish
is way more futuristic.
And you know what the future will have?
People that double dip. Always.
Chicken fingers will not go away
because they'll turn bugs
into chicken fingers.
And now I can eat that.
As long as it tastes like
a chicken finger.
I'll be okay.
Dipped in ranch dressing.
See, I was picturing utopia as like,
all right, as humans,
we have once again conquered the challenge
and answered the bell
and figured out how to
like maintain our life and continue.
But there has to be
like an apocalyptic situation
for people to be like, "Wait."
‐ That's coming with the environment.
‐ Yeah. It is. It's here.
We're in some hardship.
In order for your utopia,
there has to be immense suffering.
Yeah.
I'm like our parents.
Right.
"Without pain and struggle
you're not David Chang,"
would be their answer.
And that's not me wishing pain on anyone.
‐ This is some real Asian shit.
‐ I really do think pain is a teacher.
You know, I'm an alarmist,
I do think things
are gonna get really bad,
but I think we're making
much more progress
than I thought was possible
a few years ago,
and that means
that the likely future that we're facing,
at least allows for the possibility
of some amount of prosperity
and flourishing and justice in the world.
‐ Do you wanna know the future?
‐ What about the past?
‐ Hey.
Is it like you can only look to the future
if you kind of remember the past?
‐ Yeah, and future really doesn't exist.
'Cause you just don't truly know.
My personal opinion is,
you know, food is a meme
that tasty things wanna survive.
I hope so.
Mm‐hmm.
‐ They're going to find a way to merge
with culture in different ways.
You know, I hope you're right.
That flavor finds a way.
But if you have a culture in which
you're only fed your favorite dish
from, you know, you like chicken nuggets
when you're three years old,
the algorithm's gonna give you
chicken nuggets till you're dead.
Right? At some point in there
it will be nice to accidentally
try something new,
that I remain hopelessly
ever so slightly techno‐optimistic.
‐ There is some
unbelievable ingenuity in food,
in food science, in food production
that is around the corner.
You're gonna have vertical farming
which loses a lot of money right now,
but it has to work.
Cultivated meats is very expensive.
I think people will reject it at first
and then they will accept it
because they have no choice.
‐ And I think maybe
we can rise out of this hardship
with some more communal thoughts.
I'm concerned
that people are gonna be like,
"Oh, that can't happen.
You can't do this. That's not right."
We don't have the fucking answers.
But the wrong thing we can do is nothing.
The only thing I hope for the future
is that everything's on the fucking table.
♪ theme music playing ♪